{'pred_captions_batch': 
["Title:Severe calcaneal fracturespresentation:Acute right foot pain following a fall. patient:Age: 35 yearsGender: Malediscussion:Extensive calcaneal fractures are uncommon. The foot is susceptible to high-impact injury due to the direct contact with the ground during falls. Calcaneal fractures can result in loss of the foot's arch, loss of plantar fat pad, chronic pain, and complications such as chronic infection. The most significant complication is posttraumatic arthritis.study_findings:Old calcaneal fractures result in articular collapse of the posterior facet and subtle fragmentation of the posterior process. Chronic infection results in extensive joint soft-tissue calcifications and extensive fibrosis of the plantar fascia."
, 'Title:Superior mesenteric artery syndromepresentation:Previous history of surgery for esophageal malignancy. patient:Age: 80 yearsdiscussion:Case example of the radiological and endoscopic appearances of superior mesenteric artery syndrome\xa0study_findings:Previous surgery.'
, 'Title:Neuenterocysticeral infectionpresentation:Abdominal pain and fever.patient:Age: 30 yearsGender: Malediscussion:The case illustrates the presence of two parasitic diseases (hydatid\xa0&\xa0tapeworm), with\xa0hydatid\xa0being the more important clinical and diagnostic problem.study_findings:Large cystic lesion at the left upper quadrant, containing multiple daughter cysts, located below the liver capsule, with no calcification inside.The cyst extends to the left subclavian vein.Avoided by the left hepatic vein (LHV).The cyst abuts the aorta, and the renal vessels and left kidney. It displaces the spleen, pancreas, tail of the right kidney and the adjacent small bowel loops, and abuts the left adrenal.No definite intracystic or pleural fluid. No solid component.'
,'Title:Closed loop small bowel obstruction due to incarcerated right ovumpresentation:Abdominal pain, nauseavon patient:Age: 75 yearsGender: Malediscussion:Incarceration of a loop of small bowel due to an incarcerated omentum results in closed loop obstruction and is therefore considered a surgical emergency with high risk of strangulation\xa0and perforation. The loop is identified on an abdominal CT, and the transition point between the closed loop and the rest of the small bowel is identified by the presence of a thickened, inflamed transition band. Notice how the small bowel loops are not freely traversing each other.study_findings:Small bowel obstruction with two transitions. Incarceration of a loop of small bowel in the right lower quadrant, which is dilated and filled with fluid. Inflammatory stranding of the mesentery surrounding the incarcerated loop. Thickened, inflamed transistion band. Incarcerated omentum in the right lower quadrant is the cause of the small bowel obstruction.']
, 'gt_captions_batch': 
["Title:Right lower limb deep vein thrombosis (CT)presentation:Right lower limb swelling. patient:Age: 60 yearsGender: Malediscussion:This is a CT example of above and below knee deep vein thrombosis (DVT), which was performed after ultrasound to assess for potential external compression as a cause but no cause was seen.\xa0study_findings:Filling defect in from the distal right common femoral vein extending throughout the right lower limb to the proximal deep calf veins with expansion and adjacent soft tissue fat strandingNo iliac vein or inferior vena caval thrombosis.Soft tissue swelling and fat stranding in the right calf. Asymmetric prominence of the superficial veins in the right lower limb. Right-sided Baker's cyst."
, 'Title:Cerebellar metastases - colorectal adenocarcinomapresentation:Headache and walk disturbance. Previous history of colorectal tumor. patient:Age: 45-year-oldGender: Femalediscussion:This patient was submitted to a resection of the posterior fossa tumor and the diagnosis was confirmed as metastatic adenocarcinoma.\xa0study_findings:Technique: Pre and post contrast axial images were obtained through the brain.Findings: There is a nodular solid mass within the paramedian aspect of the left cerebellar hemisphere, spontaneously hyperdense with heterogeneous attenuation and showing vivid peripheral contrast enhancement. A mild vasogenic edema due the mass effect is noted. Despite its proximity to the fourth ventricle, there is no compression over the ventricular system. The remainder brain is unremarkable.\xa0Conclusion: A solid mass in the cerebellum most likely represents hemorrhagic metastasis, however further evaluation with MRI is advised. \xa0'
, 'Title:Esophageal cancer complicated by oesophagopulmonary fistula and presentation:New onset fever, chest pain and cough.patient:Age: 60 yearsGender: Malediscussion:Esophageal malignancy is usually aggressive with poor prognosis. Eventually esophageal carcinoma is complicated to esophago-respiratory fistula. Some patients present with direct tumor invasion to the neighboring lung parenchyma and resulting in esophago-pulmonary fistula and subsequent lung abscess.study_findings:Circumferential mural thickening in the middle and distal esophagus (known case of SCC).Evidence of esophageal fistula communicating with lung parenchyma in the left lower lobe resulting in abscesses formation.Air space consolidatory changes in the left lower lobe.Presence of esophageal stent.'
, "Title:SBO secondary to ileal stricture from Crohn's diseasepresentation:Generalized abdominal pain and distension. Multiple surgeries. Confused so no further Hx available.patient:Age: 85 yearsGender: Malediscussion:The patient had a known Hx of Crohn's disease. He proceeded to laparotomy for terminal ileal resection.study_findings:Multiple loops of dilated jejunum and ileum, measuring up to 3.5 cm in diameter. The lead point arises from the terminal ileum which appears narrowed and thickened with surrounding fat-stranding. Normal bowel wall enhancement, no evidence of pneumatosis. The colon is collapsed. The ascending colon appears shortened, with the appearance of a high-riding cecum - this may represent previous resection.Further fat-stranding is seen within the mesentery of the ileum, with a small amount of fluid evident within the right side of the pelvis, right paracolic gutter and surrounding the inferior liver margin. No free gas within the abdomen or pelvis. Normal contrast enhancement within the SMA.Calculi evident within the gallbladder, no secondary signs of inflammation. The kidneys have an atrophic appearance, with a lobulated exophytic renal cyst on the right. Small hiatus hernia noted. The liver, pancreas, spleen and adrenals appear normal. The urinary bladder and collecting systems are unremarkable.No enlarged abdominal, pelvic or inguinal lymph nodes.The visualized lung bases are clear. Bilateral pars defects of L5 with mild anterolisthesis with respect to S1. No acute osseous pathology identified.ConclusionSmall bowel obstruction due to a inflammatory stricture of the terminal ileum in a patient with known Crohn's disease. No evidence of perforation."]})